what's up guys so one here and today I
got a pretty cool video off you guys I'm
gonna be unboxing its bombing science
men and Joan you got some Kansas
and let's take attack i got from Gao i
have already opened this just value cuz
I've already used it and so I can tell
you a little bit about what's in here so
I got stickers please take a passionate
if you got a can of iron like this one's
like old yeah it's cool oh sushi Avenue
so get read a new song bunch of markers
so this one is this is like a Soviet
ready I learned on feedback in the
morning it is a traffic rat
this one is electric blue neon green
ethic yeah Neil pink white and was a
remark where they gave me I think it is
a direction that the color and was
Lagoon blue pastel it's actually not bad
color it looks kind of darkish mean it
comes out kind of silverish crash this
is purple five it yes fxy with black and
yellow zinc ii yellow alright and order
papers and stickers so they gave me this
grogs figure that's cool Dominic science
sticker kinda hello my name is I'm
stickers coupons gotta get your coupon
it's more coolest agreed seriously cool
stunts okay another coupon and another
sticker so this is all pretty big ticket
back by giving the last one yeah so it's
a pretty decent pack that i got from
bombing science be nice I haven't even
more is in the paint I did this canvas
the other day says Mike quickly and yeah
here's the pack i got from gage in 97
degree from be in the description i
should have your pack out tomorrow or
the day after executing some big blank
I'm gonna take this time to tell you
guys about a new channel I recently
started up with mr. alone legacy and
custom crook that sorry them who they
are the canine Kings crew we're going to
start posting I'm gonna set those lips
and stuff on there that's gonna be
pretty cool it's like a collaborative
channel we're not going to get members
just yet we thought if you want to kick
it off but yeah so go subscribe to their
and most people subscribe bat so I'm
gonna get some videos up on there and
post videos on there that i'm not going
to post to my regular channel so yeah
it's estimated from cool so I'll have
that linked in the description go
subscribe to that and sorry for not
posting videos guys I was in was on
vacation in New York but uh pretty fun
so yeah just got back last night I'm
going to sit here for you guys likes tag
link
alright here's 10 and regarding my lap
battle guys textile I host I'm going to
have to two categories beginner and
advanced intermediate but uh I'm also
it's gonna be judged by you guys so
because last time I know some people
were unhappy with the results five the
judges again the best guys deserve it
yeah they did you do it so don't try and
take that away from them if I did it
again they still would have warm but uh
I know people have different opinions so
next time we're going to get more than
just me to me to judge that so thanks
for watching guys thanks for watching
this video have a bunch of cool stuff
and sorry I haven't been posting but try
and post little bit more now so thanks
for watching guys comment rate and
subscribe peace